文本系列
创建嵌入请求
Creates an embedding vector representing the input text.

POST
/
embeddings
Authorizations
​
Authorization
stringheaderrequired
Use the following format for authentication: Bearer

Body
application/json
​
model
stringrequired
Corresponding Model Name. To better enhance service quality, we will make periodic changes to the models provided by this service, including but not limited to model on/offlining and adjustments to model service capabilities. We will notify you of such changes through appropriate means such as announcements or message pushes where feasible. For a complete list of available models, please check the Models.

Example:
"BAAI/bge-large-zh-v1.5"

​
input

string
string
default:Silicon flow embedding online: fast, affordable, and high-quality embedding services. come try it out!required
Input text to embed must be provided as a string or an array of tokens. To process multiple inputs in a single request, pass an array of strings or an array of token arrays. The input length must not exceed the model's maximum token limit and should not be an empty string.
The maximum input tokens for each model are as follows:

BAAI/bge-large-zh-v1.5, BAAI/bge-large-en-v1.5, netease-youdao/bce-embedding-base_v1: 512
BAAI/bge-m3, Pro/BAAI/bge-m3: 8192
Qwen/Qwen3-Embedding-8B, Qwen/Qwen3-Embedding-4B, Qwen/Qwen3-Embedding-0.6B: 32768

Example:
"Silicon flow embedding online: fast, affordable, and high-quality embedding services. come try it out!"

​
encoding_format
enum<string>default:float
"The format to return the embeddings in. Can be either float or base64. "

Available options: float, base64 
Example:
"float"

​
dimensions
integer
The number of dimensions the resulting output embeddings should have. Only supported in Qwen/Qwen3 series. - Qwen/Qwen3-Embedding-8B: [64,128,256,512,768,1024,1536,2048,2560,4096] - Qwen/Qwen3-Embedding-4B:[64,128,256,512,768,1024,1536,2048,2560] - Qwen/Qwen3-Embedding-0.6B: [64,128,256,512,768,1024]

Example:
1024

Response

200

application/json
The response from the model. The response header contains the x-siliconcloud-trace-id field, which serves as a unique identifier for tracing requests, facilitating log queries and issue troubleshooting.

​
object
enum<string>required
The object type, which is always "list".

Available options: list 
​
model
stringrequired
The name of the model used to generate the embedding.

​
data
object[]required
The list of embeddings generated by the model.

Show child attributes

​
usage
objectrequired
The usage information for the request.

Show child attributes


curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.siliconflow.cn/v1/embeddings \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer <token>' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '
{
  "model": "BAAI/bge-large-zh-v1.5",
  "input": "Silicon flow embedding online: fast, affordable, and high-quality embedding services. come try it out!"
}
'



文本系列
创建重排序请求
Creates a rerank request.

POST
/
rerank
Authorizations
​
Authorization
stringheaderrequired
Use the following format for authentication: Bearer

Body
application/json
​
model
stringrequired
Corresponding Model Name. To better enhance service quality, we will make periodic changes to the models provided by this service, including but not limited to model on/offlining and adjustments to model service capabilities. We will notify you of such changes through appropriate means such as announcements or message pushes where feasible. For a complete list of available models, please check the Models.

Example:
"BAAI/bge-reranker-v2-m3"

​
query
stringrequired
Required. The search query.

Example:
"Apple"

​
documents
string[]required
Currently, only string lists are supported. Document objects will be supported in the future.

Minimum array length: 1
Example:
["apple", "banana", "fruit", "vegetable"]
​
instruction
string
The instruction for the reranker, only support Qwen/Qwen3-Reranker-8B, Qwen/Qwen3-Reranker-4B,Qwen/Qwen3-Reranker-0.6B.

Example:
"Please rerank the documents based on the query."

​
top_n
integer
Number of most relevant documents or indices to return.

Example:
4

​
return_documents
boolean
If false, the response does not include document text; if true, it includes the input document text.

​
max_chunks_per_doc
integer
Maximum number of chunks generated from within a document. Long documents are divided into multiple chunks for calculation, and the highest score among the chunks is taken as the document's score. only BAAI/bge-reranker-v2-m3, Pro/BAAI/bge-reranker-v2-m3, netease-youdao/bce-reranker-base_v1 support this field.

​
overlap_tokens
integer
Number of token overlaps between adjacent chunks when documents are chunked. only BAAI/bge-reranker-v2-m3, Pro/BAAI/bge-reranker-v2-m3, netease-youdao/bce-reranker-base_v1 support this field.

Required range: x <= 80
Response

200

application/json
The response from the model. The response header contains the x-siliconcloud-trace-id field, which serves as a unique identifier for tracing requests, facilitating log queries and issue troubleshooting.

​
id
stringrequired
​
results
object[]required
Show child attributes

​
meta
object[]
Show child attributes


curl --request POST \
  --url https://api.siliconflow.cn/v1/rerank \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer <token>' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '
{
  "model": "BAAI/bge-reranker-v2-m3",
  "query": "Apple",
  "documents": [
    "apple",
    "banana",
    "fruit",
    "vegetable"
  ]
}
'



